I've been watching TV all day I watch a
lot of cable news I know everything I'll
tell you everything you need to know I'm
about to save you a lot of time spend
that time however you like it's yours
and you're welcome today was day two of
the Democrats three-day opening argument
in the Senate
the Senators as you may have heard or
basically prisoners they're not allowed
to leave the chamber and they are only
permitted to drink water or milk which I
have to say I find disgusting I know to
me there there are a few things more
revolting than an adult drinking milk
it's gross I don't like it these are
long days for the Senators many of them
are reported to be restless they were
standing at their desk walking around
Rand Paul had a crossword puzzle few of
them had fidgets spinners for real three
of them I don't know where they got
fidgets spinners maybe from 2017 but
they had them the Senators are required
to stay in their seats for the whole
eight hours they're allowed limited
beverages limited snacks and they only
get brief opportunities to get up and
stretch their legs it's like a flight to
New Zealand in there but for the most
part they appear to be paying attention
I mentioned this last night because you
know the Senate is in control of the
cameras not the news media so we have to
rely on courtroom sketches to show us
what's going on on the sides and this
this is a sketch from today yesterday
this is Senator Marco Rubio taking notes
with a quill pen I think he may be
taking the founding fathers thing too
seriously he may show up in a wig
tomorrow House Democrats led by Adam
Schiff went through a mountain of
evidence today very compelling very
damning evidence I challenge anyone who
actually watched this today to argue
they shouldn't hear from what this is
it's nuts they have everything this is
open and shut which is a problem from
Fox News because it is impossible for
them to defend so instead of even trying
instead they're going with the old it's
boring defense when you watch this it's
boring I think it's super boring because
no one's gonna watch the entire thing
because it is boring it will make you
fall asleep they are boring people to
death this is really boring monotonous
dull boring I fell asleep
I think the America
really bored with this would you counter
all tonight so we could keep awake
boring politicians with bad haircuts
it's mind-numbing ly dull and it kicks
off again today at one o'clock yes good
luck staying awake have these people
watched any congressional hearing ever
they're all bored
let's week watch the rural
transportation initiative hearing and
get back to us on how boring this one
was Democrats spent most of the day
today debunking the various conspiracy
theories manufactured by the president
his friends and then on Saturday the
president's lawyers will get to work REE
bunking those that have been debunked
and in the meantime the President
himself is taking matters into his own
little thumbs he tweeted eight times in
20 minutes this morning I wish Trump's
Twitter account worked like when you log
into online banking you can only do it
three times before they lock you out
yesterday he broke his all-time record
for tweets with 142 according to Time
magazine as of November this is not even
current he tweeted more than two hundred
and sixty-six thousand words since he's
been president it's more than a Harry
Potter book and and more fictional than
a Harry Potter book but there are
believe it or not some Republicans who
oppose this president this is an ad
produced by a group of conservative
Republicans who support impeachment and
they're trying to make their case by
showing us how it would be perfectly
fine if we had a president Pence instead
Mike Pence doesn't brag about sexually
assaulting women Mike Pence doesn't
pressure foreign governments into
investigating his political rivals Mike
Pence doesn't mock and make fun of
people with handicaps you got to see
this guy I don't know what I said Mike
Pence better hope Donald Trump doesn't
see that commercial or Mike Pence is
gonna have Donald Trump's foot up his
oval orifice but I do not thinking about
that if some kind of miracle happens and
these senators actually do the right
thing for a change or remove the
president from office which they won't
but if they did I wonder what that would
look like like would they actually have
to remove him physically from his office
what if he won't leave will they drag
him out and put all his stuff in to the
left to the left when that was happening
where would Mike Pence be would he'd be
hiding and they like the back of a van
outside waiting for the coast of would
there be hair pulling or curtain I mean
don't you want to remove him just to see
that come on everybody the Vice pool was
in Israel today where he appeared to be
on the receiving end of a Royal snub
courtesy of Prince Charles
I guess Charles is in charge after all
huh
so after the video began to circulate
Pence's team claimed the reason they
didn't shake hands there because they
had already said hello backstage and
also since they are the two whitest
people in the world there was some fear
that by touching they would cancel each
other out we don't know that much about
Mike Pence I just found out he has a
brother named Greg last week and but if
he becomes president we'll know
everything suddenly he become the most
talked-about person in the country and
so to get a head start on that we put
together a video that illustrates beyond
a reasonable doubt that Mike Pence not
only is he our vice president he is also
a world-class nose breather
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm starting to get a whiff of
desperation
more bad news from Washington a we're a
group of scientists this morning
advanced what is known as the Doomsday
Clock you know about this is a clock
that reminds us how close we are to
annihilation today The Bulletin of the
Atomic Scientists moves the hands of the
Doomsday Clock it is 100 seconds to
midnight and oh my god someone stole
three quarters of the clock why is that
the clock why don't they have a whole
it's more like a doomsday speedometer
and why it's still analog I don't know
we know 126 he can even read it it's
time to time to switch to doomsday
digital but we're now a hundred seconds
from midnight which in the 73 years
they've been doing this is the closest
we've been to the end of the world
that's pretty scary stuff that's
supposed to wake us up when we see
somebody the announcement was so boring
they didn't need they had a black like
thing on it they really need to make
this punch this up today the bulletin of
the Atomic Scientists moves the hands of
the Doomsday Clock it is 100 seconds to
midnight
right it feels like the end is near now
these guys need help with this if you
want to raise awareness of the fact that
we are on the verge of extinction you
have to do more like why not make it a
live television event this Friday
it's the party we knew was coming the
crowd is ready Dick Clark's Ryan
Seacrest rockin doomsday e with
performances by post Malone
Kelsea Ballerini kim jeong-hoon sierra
BTS - a Lipa dan + Shay and that new
deadly virus from China as the clock
strikes midnight the ball drops on
everyone
dick clark's Jenny McCarthy Ryan
Seacrest rocket doomsday II only on ABC
followed by bachelor in hell the
Department of Transportation is cracking
down on comfort animals you know these
comfort animals everybody has now
they're proposing new rules that would
ban all service animals on flights with
the exception of dogs so sounds like my
emotional support tarantula mr. hairy
legs will not be joining us in Orlando
this summer but I am fine with this
unless your name is Noah you don't need
to travel with the menagerie of animals
on board I think if you want to bring a
service animal on the plane yeah I think
they'll have to literally be able to
provide a service like can your support
Pony make a Bloody Mary okay then he's
in tell that cockatiel to grab me some
peanuts on his way back
dogs are different though you know
everything is so horrible lately this
constant barrage of accusations and lie
it's exhausting and we're all tired of
it but once in a while something
wonderful comes along that reminds us
that it's all gonna be okay and in this
case that something is baby Yoda dog
Instagram is fun but nothing beats a
live performance and with that said
we've tracked them down and ladies and
gentlemen we are delighted to bring you
the viral sensation in person baby
Yoda dog
[Applause]
[Music]
very cute right which one of you is baby
Yoda dog baby you're the dog I have a
treat for you look at that isn't that
cute it each treats and everything all
right well there you go thanks for
making everyone happy again baby Yoda
dog
[Music]
you understand
thanks to road dogs and rescue orgs for
bringing baby Yoda dog here to brighten
our lives again I am Jimmy Kimmel give
back this holiday season by my new book
the serious goose I wrote it and
illustrated it all the money I make goes
to children's hospitals across the
country so you know what to do